gh-88569: add `ntpath.isreserved()` (#95486)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.path.rst

      Accepts a :term:`path-like object`.

.. function:: isreserved(path)

   Return ``True`` if *path* is a reserved pathname on the current system. On

>    Windows, reserved names include "NUL", "AUX" and "CON". On other platforms,
>    this function always returns ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Windows, reserved filenames include those that end with a space or dot;
   those that contain colons, which may delimit file streams such as
   "filename:streamname"; and DOS device names such as "NUL", "CON", "CONIN$",
   "CONOUT$", "AUX", "PRN", "COM1", and "LPT1". On other platforms, this
   function always returns ``False``.
```

      Accepts a :term:`path-like object`.

.. function:: isreserved(path)

>    Return ``True`` if *path* is a reserved pathname on the current system. On
>    Windows, reserved filenames include those that end with a space or dot;
>    those that contain colons, which may delimit file streams such as
>    "filename:streamname"; and DOS device names such as "NUL", "CON", "CONIN$",
>    "CONOUT$", "AUX", "PRN", "COM1", and "LPT1". On other platforms, this
>    function always returns ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *path* is a reserved pathname on the current system.

   On Windows, reserved filenames include those that end with a space or dot;
   those that contain colons (i.e. file streams such as "name:stream"),
   wildcard characters (i.e. ``'*?"<>'``), pipe, or ASCII control characters;
   as well as DOS device names such as "NUL", "CON", "CONIN$", "CONOUT$",
   "AUX", "PRN", "COM1", and "LPT1".

   On POSIX platforms, this function always returns ``False``.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.12

.. function:: isreserved(path)

   Return ``True`` if *path* is a reserved pathname on the current system.

   On Windows, reserved filenames include those that end with a space or dot;
   those that contain colons (i.e. file streams such as "name:stream"),
   wildcard characters (i.e. ``'*?"<>'``), pipe, or ASCII control characters;
   as well as DOS device names such as "NUL", "CON", "CONIN$", "CONOUT$",
   "AUX", "PRN", "COM1", and "LPT1".

   .. note::

>       This function approximates rules for reserved paths on most Windows
>       systems. It may be updated in future Python releases as changed rules
>       become more widely used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This function approximates rules for reserved paths on most Windows
      systems. These rules change over time in various Windows releases.
      This function may be updated in future Python releases as changes to
      the rules become broadly available.
```
